Editorial Sept 23 (#66)
jbossorg/jbossorg.github.io: src/content/posts/weekly-2021-09-23.adoc

== OpenJDK and GC pauses

After all this Quarkus and Kogito actions, if you are still looking for even more technical nitty, gritty details, you should certainly check out this article on link:https://developers.redhat.com/articles/2021/09/16/shenandoah-openjdk-17-sub-millisecond-gc-pauses#thread_processing_in_java[Shenandoah in OpenJDK 17: Sub-millisecond GC pauses].

== Releases, releases, releases...

As always, projects of the JBoss community have been quite active and released a few exciting new versions, including a beta of Wildlfy's next major version!

[square]
* link:https://www.wildfly.org//news/2021/09/20/WildFly25-Beta-Released/[Wildfly 25 Beta released!]
* link:https://vertx.io/blog/eclipse-vert-x-4-1-4/[Eclipse Vert.x 4.1.4 released!]
* link:https://blog.kie.org/2021/09/kogito-1-11-0-released.html[Kogito 1.11.0 released!]
* Ansible collection for Apache Tomcat (JWS) and Wildfly (EAP)
** link:https://github.com/ansible-middleware/jws-ansible-playbook[JWS Collection v0.0.2]
** link:https://github.com/ansible-middleware/ansible_collections_jcliff[Ansible Cliff Collection v0.0.10]

== Decaf' - Ansible for JBoss middleware

> In the past months, we've been doing some hard work to ensure that JBoss software can fit as neatly as possible within an Ansible playbook. There is a still a lot to be done, but we already quite proud of to two Ansible collections we have been able to released. The first one is called, JCliff, but will be soon renamed to Wildlfy, as it aims to integrate, as smoothly as possible, the app server into Ansible. The latest version (v.0.0.10) has already a few exciting features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the past months, we've been doing some hard work to ensure that JBoss software can fit as neatly as possible within an Ansible playbook. There is a still a lot to be done, but we are already quite proud of to two Ansible collections we have released. The first one is called, JCliff, but will soon be renamed to WildFly, as it aims to integrate, as smoothly as possible, the app server into Ansible. The latest version (v.0.0.10) has already a few exciting features:
```

> * systemd integration, a reusable role to help set up Widfly as a systemd service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* systemd integration, a reusable role to help set up WildFly as a systemd service
```

* a reusable role to install JDBC driver and their module

> * and, of course, more fine-tuning of Wildfly's subsystem thanks to the JCLiff (embedded in the collection) which allows Ansible to configure mod_cluster, sockets, JMS queues and so many other features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* and, of course, more fine-tuning of WildFly's subsystem thanks to the JCLiff (embedded in the collection) which allows Ansible to configure mod_cluster, sockets, JMS queues and so many other features.
```

> We also very happy about the release of JWS Collection for Ansible (v0.0.2), which allows use to quickly set up Apache Tomcat (or its counterpart, JBoss Web Server), but also provided some nice feature, like integration with systemd and common criteria (partial) compliance checking. Please check our blog entry about this link:https://developers.redhat.com/articles/2021/08/30/automate-red-hat-jboss-web-server-deployments-ansible[Ansible collection for Apache Tomcat / JWS] for more details!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are also very happy about the release of JWS Collection for Ansible (v0.0.2), which allows us to quickly set up Apache Tomcat or its counterpart, JBoss Web Server, but also provides some nice features, like integration with systemd and common criteria (partial) compliance checking. Please check our blog entry about this link:https://developers.redhat.com/articles/2021/08/30/automate-red-hat-jboss-web-server-deployments-ansible[Ansible collection for Apache Tomcat / JWS] for more details!
```
